- Track
    A media track can be an audio or video stream object, or a text object (subtitle or caption).

- Codec
     A codec is a hardware- or software-based process that compresses and decompresses large amounts of data.
     Codecs are used in applications to play and create media files for users, as well as to send media files
     over a network. The term is a blend of the words coder and decoder, as well as compression and
     decompression.

     https://youtu.be/RqxeNmg4Wbo

- Container
    A media container is used to display media items (video, audio, image or other data) with a caption.

- Manifest
    In General A Manifest File is used to define the parameters and description of program, stream and Apps
    etc. This can be XML Based or CSV Based File.

    If you want to stream a video from streaming server then your player should have Manifest Files for this.

    This manifest file contains the URIs and names for the streams. Which can not read easily. This manifest
    file contains the Title Of Video, Description Of Video, Closed Caption, Thumbnail, Label Information
    with your Custom Metadata. It also contains the adaptive bit rate information and DRM Data too.

    Thus there are the various streaming media protocols which uses the different manifest file formats like,

        * Apple uses the m3u8 Manifest File for their HLS Streaming. This file is saved in “.m3u8” extension.

        * Adobe used the F4M Manifest File for HDS streaming. This file saved in “.F4M” extension.

        * Microsoft Smooth Streaming uses the ismc Manifest file . Which is saved in “.ismc” extension.

        * MPEG DASH uses the mpd which is represented as Media Presentation description. This contains the various information about audio component, video component, bit rates and captions etc.

- Caption or Closed caption
    Captions are time synchronized texts with audio track for a Video File.

    In Other Words,

    Captions are the texts based representation of speech and sounds in a video. These are the white texts
    on black background.

    All the words which are speaking in the video are shown as text on the video. It covers the special
    sounds like Hahaha and dog barking too.Captions are displayed lower center portion of video.

    Captions are very useful for the people having hearing loss. They can easily read the texts and can
    understand the whole video with special words.

    It is not only useful for the people having hearing loss but for public places too. Because at the
    public place there is lot of crowed so that people can understand the video by reading the captions
    easily.

        * Open Captions
            Open Captions are the type of captions that are permanently available in the video. We can can
            not hide them during playing a video.

            Open Captions are not that much popular because it did not give us freedom to hide it. Although
            these captions are helpful for hearing loss people but it can be uncomfortable for non-hearing-loss
            people from video.

            So same content can not be used for both kind of people.

            Open Caption Content can be helpful for you if you are uploading your content on different
            platforms. Because at time you need not to provide individual captions for the video.

        * Closed captions (Captions)
            Closed Captions are kind of captions which can be hide while playing a video. Closed Captions
            are embedded in video individually.

            The best example of closed captioning is Youtube. You can see in youtube video in right bottom
            side you can make ON Closed Caption and OFF Closed Caption.

            So Closed Caption Content can be useful for non-hearing-loss people as well as people having
            hearing loss.

            Closed Captions are very famous than the Open Captions due its wider use case.

- VVT video file (Video Text Tracks)
    A VTT file is a text file saved in the Web Video Text Tracks (WebVTT) format. It contains supplementary
    information about a web video, including subtitles, captions, descriptions, chapters, and metadata.
    VTT files do not contain any video data.

    Most online video hosting services, such as YouTube and Vimeo, allow users to caption or subtitle their
    videos using VTT files, as do media players like VideoLAN VLC Media Player. Additionally, the WebVTT
    format is designed to provide:

        * Chapters for content navigation
        * Text video descriptions
        * Other metadata aligned with audio or video content

    NOTE: WebVTT replaced the Web Subtitle Resource Tracks (WebSRT) format in 2010.
